Adds support for calling functions with 'tail', 'notail', or 'musttail' markers. (#883)
numba/llvmlite: docs/source/user-guide/ir/ir-builder.rst

   Call function *fn* with arguments *args*, a sequence of values.

   * *cconv* is the optional calling convention.

>    * *tail*, if ``"tail"`` it's a hint for the optimizer to perform
>      tail-call optimization. Use ``"musttail"`` to indicate the specified call must be tail-call optimized in order for the program to be correct. Use ``"notail"`` to indicate that the call should never be tail-call optimized. Alternatively, may provide ``False`` to indicate no specific tail-call optimization behavior, or ``True`` to request ``"tail"`` hint behavior (support for a boolean value is for backwards compatibility with the previous API).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * *tail* controls tail-call optimization behavior. It may be one of:

     * ``None`` (the default): indicates no specific tail-call optimization
       behavior.
     * ``"tail"``: a hint that indicates that the call should be tail-call
       optimized, but may be ignored.
     * ``"musttail"``: indicates that the call must be tail-call optimized for
       program correctness.
     * ``"notail"``: indicate thats the call should never be tail-call
       optimized.

     For backwards compatibility with previous versions, the following values
     are also accepted:

     * ``False`` is equivalent to ``None``, indicating no specific behavior.
     * ``True`` is equivalent to ``"tail"``, suggesting tail-call optimization.
```
